Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, I want to start working on the categories.
Okay.
Now, over this widget directory, we are going to create a new PHI and be able to codify category for
this core item.
Then the addiction starts.
And now we can then use instead less widgets.
And as well we can call this category.
I can.
Then we can alight and use the control and not important, but rather that package.
We can take this category item fly as the design for each single category.
Okay.
Now in the future, they're going to Visa's management provider.
So in order to make our code much cleaner and concise, what we are going to do is we can create a list
to store our category image and as well the category name.
Okay.
To do that, I will do this over here.
I want to say it is a type of list.
Then my.
And then.
There's also a type of drink and also a type of object that we don't know.
What is object?
Object is something that has a property name and a property value.
You can say you are a man and you have a property such as I or what makes you a man is referred to as
what's your property value?
Right.
Okay.
And now they're going to have to do it again.
And then we can't call this.
Categories.
Right.
Okay, great.
Have you seen the cold?
Now the first property name is going to be the category.
Category name.
Right.
Then we can say it is sorry.
It is the object, right?
These are objects.
Or we also need this.
Okay.
So the first object will need, or the first property name we need is the category name of security
name.
Then the property value is what's false.
That is the false default defaults category.
Okay.
Yoda we need is the category image.
So you can see a category image.
They will need to specify the parts, assets, such images.
So it is going to check this out.
Okay.
I will go to my assets images.
You're going to see this images of the resource.
Okay.
Cuts across the PNG, right?
Sue Katz.
Cuts holes.
The PGA.
All right.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can actually come out of this this is a first objects because the property name so we can then
of another.
Okay.
As well.
Category is these more?
See?
Small.
Okay.
I think.
See?
Okay.
Category.
Name.
Right is going to be.
Close.
Okay.
And.
Category.
Image.
And this is going to be.
I think cuts close.
Assets slash.
Images slash.
Cuts.
Hot.
Close.
That's.
G.
P g.
Okay.
I did try to cover.
We can then just copy this.
I don't want a copy because I want you to master the process.
That was what I.
But at least you know by now.
Okay.
This can be the laptop category.
Laptop.
Hopefully I can still.
Okay.
Considering them, then the image is going to be I think we have cast ourselves.
That's.
The tops.
And this is.
P and G.
I think we can also of what issues?
So you can paste the category name.
It's going to be shoes.
Okay.
Shoes and.
It would be cuts shoes.
Cookie cutter shoes.
Cashews.
You can have as many as you want.
You can copy this as well.
And it's going to be.
What's key is going to be watch.
Watch.
Okay.
You can guess that this for the images is going to be with these cards.
Watch this.
Okay, great.
Okay.
You can do as many as you want.
So this is the Hodgetts, the property name.
This is the property value.
Right.
Okay, so now we have four categories.
One, two, two, four.
Okay.
Five.
I think this is okay for now.
The image is going to be in the resource of this lecture resource.
So make sure you get it.
Get it right.
Okay.
And you can add as many as you want.
Those are for you, for nature, beauty.
And when you're just.
What are you guys seeing in this picture?